BUSINESS OVERVIEW
split from general mills, sell red lobster, 2023? acquisitions and focus on that is helpful, chuy's
Segments, and list all the brands under each segment
geo presence? every brand? map visual from the website could be good, list out the store counts for at least the big brands
store counts are in the SEC filings and probably in some other stuff as well.
basic financial metrics are good - revenue splits between the different segments percentage of each one, gross margin for each of the segmentsgross margin and net profit, don't need to get too focused, some qick hitters


INDUSTRY
Could be perfect to add a graph over time
Need to add consumer spend for the industry slide, maybe by the real disposable income
We have CPI and Core- with and without it
FED recent rate cuts included
Hit the major macro trends
We can talk over some of these points


SEGMENTS
Major topics hit 
Elaborate on competitors
Pick some of the important metrics and compare and pool the stats- olive garden vs olive garden specific
longhorn, and longhorn specific competitors
Will talk later
Future plans good to talk about
recent earnings calls, analysts have been asking for what the future holds


COMPANY SUMMARY
Darden as a whole - financial overview, more in depth?
Punt until outline is more filled out


BEFORE OR AFTER RECENT NEWS
swot analysis for the business?
key summary findings and observations about the entire company and the recent news - summary side
stock analysis

RECENT NEWS
Don't have to analyze under or overvalued etc yet. 
Other points are good


IN GENERAL
categories are more or less all in; just need to flush out the presentation


COMPETITORS
Use this cohorts of competitors format:
Darden
Public peers (restaurant groups)
-company a
-company b

Fine Dining
-company d
-company e

Casual Dining
-company t

Fast Casual
-company g

QSR/Fast Food
-company h

each brand competes with certain people
each segment compares with certain people
the company as a whole compares with certain people

go brand by brand and work through all the examples, and put it in the appendix
just list who are the competitors, don't need to go full financial comparisons

light financial comparisons for segments and darden vs other groups
we will be given some examples

Each brand's competitors, have that in the appendix- shake shack would be a good example of a fast-casual

when comparing financials, we have to make public comparisons

brinker is mostly chilis- so they would be more in the casual, but could be casual

fast casual, stuff like chipotle, shake shack, etc.

Yum brands may be qsr fast food because they mostly have brands mostly in qsr fast food

Fine dining- not many public competitors so may need a bit more research to find.

Lots of fine dining competitors are going to be private, they can be listed as competitors, but we cannot compare to them with financials

comps - can compare financials

Straddling financial metrics and competitors
have the competitors from the above format,
bold are the cohort values, compared by year, like sales growth, for each cohort- look at the average of each cohort, can compare darden to it- use the average as a proxy to compare the different segments
rename it financial analysis
fast casual, two larger ones we can see
longhorn has a few more big competitors we can find.

casual and fine dining- financial analysis can be used for the comparisons

comparing Darden to peers is 2-3 years more recent

darden vs. themselves start with 2019





IMPORTANT FINANCIAL METRICS
Sales Growth - Same Store sales growth - after a year, how it has grown on a store by store basis- tells you how your existing restaurants - each company and each segment is given from darden
AUV - average unit volume: Revenue/total number of locations - all of darden and for each segment - used to see if there are underperforming restaurants
we can add up the brands in fine dining, casual, etc.
For competitors- it is pretty prevalent in the restaurant industry - auv show it for the ones we can
Adjusted EBITDA, EPS, Adjusted EPS, easy to compare to competitors.
debt to ebitda, some restaurants have better financial footing than others
We don't need to do all of them, pick some good ones
more niche metrics like franchise revenue, can go in the appendix
For segment specific- gross margin by segment - fine dining should have more margin than fast casual - can do stuff from the earnings presentations instead of true gross margin, etc.
If we do extra work and put it in the appendix, it can only help
If asked-
two ways to grow revenue - increase the number of stores, increase number of people into stores, increase prices
is darden's revenue growth coming from new restaurants? people in the door? higher prices? be able to answer that
earnings call transcripts, people tend to ask that- definitely something people could see asking - good to know darden as a whole and generally what all the segemnts are
How many new restaurants opened can be an important metric as well
maybe projections can come in to the presentation 

Next meeting - iron out the presentation - get as close to a financial presentation as we can so we can clean up the final presentation to make sure we aren't missing anything big
