Business Overview
High Level Business overview: what is darden, timeline of history, what helped get it to what is at, how many stores for each brand, highg level information and metrics

2000 feet above high level overview of the business; first section pretty quick

earnings call presentations kind of start with that; maybe a little bit- will be a unique combination. 


Industry Overview
After that, typically, they will focus on the industry, 

good example: one obvious thing is people go out to eat when they have disposable income - focus on discretionary income and how it has been trending
entire industry section - not necessary in company control, but could affect positively and negatively

Mainly the business today - some of it is the past, may be how they did during covid, before, and now

what does it look like today, where it is going, where it has been

Industry stuff: what is inflation doing, if the inflation outpaces raises, fair game too. 


Segment Deep Dive
Separated into four big categories - we can figure out what they are - the four segments we will want to break each one up

One entire one is olve garden, longhorn by itself, fine dining, casual (others)

Can talk about darden as a whole diving into the details of each segment is good- 

for example
olive garden
competitors
how they grow
financial info
compared to competitors

do for longhorn, fine dining, casual

CEO's retiring, all that stuff is fair game as well

If we can back up and defend what we are doing, it can flow well


We can add some recent news, and segment stuff

Darden does provide some good information

They will give olive garden level financial - we can compare it to a similar italian restaurant





After a deepdive on segments

Do a financial overview of Darden as an entire company - maybe have that cool flow graph with revenue


Compare against themselves , 2019-2020 to now, how they trended against themselves

Compare against some of Darden's competitors - parent company with lots under

Competitor, like texas roadhouse, mcdonalds, compare to different types of competitors that look like darden and one off restaurants, compare to fast casual and qsr

By doing that, good idea of how they perform against different types of restaurants



Slide count is flexible, if they don't have questions to ask, it is usually a very good thing

Prepare for around a 15 minute presentation with five minutes of questions - so 12-15 with no questions- hitting the time limit is the main issue.

Don't have to talk all about the slides- give all the info to convey, and talk about what is important. 

We will prefer the slides to be visual- anything that can be turned into a chart

the final report format is very close to the cfa research challenge format- presentation is to be a bit more creative. 

Keep guided on successful types of presentations. 


Wrap
Good to do a wrap up - wrap up darden as a whole - some did recent news, here is the outlook of what they are going to do this year
some people did a swot analysis where it is great, where it is not.


One thing to make an impression on - this business model presentation - not recommending anything - we are still allowed to have opinions though. Observations, start forming opionins

we are allowed and encouraged to have opinions - not just regurgitation.

We can draw conclusions from things -- more of a discussion

keep in mind we are not trying to be persuaded on a topic- really just that is mainly saved for the second half. 




We can have an appendix - good for a couple reasons - questions that may come up during the presentation - we can have a backup slide in the back of the presentation

otherwise, any work that we do that doesn't make into the presentation, throw it into the appendix. 


How we are going to go about the next couple meetings
- successful teams have shown up to the second meeting with at least a shell - make sure the flow, make sure there isn't any missing content - outline
- by the third meeting, we should definitely have a pretty solid draft that is near final so we can just tweak any last couple things. 
- By next week, have a list of competitors to vet yes, no, kind of, etc - think of a couple of categories, some restaurants that compete, restaurant also fighting eat at home, walmart, maybe gas stations


these meetings are to keep us on track, help us get headed in the right direction. 

to make it a bit more fair and even grading - Nic Ruscello, another adjunct, and Mike Neugent




One part is the risks that the business faces - caution people to use real risks to the businesses - what could make the business not perform well. 
don't just regurgitate the 10k

plumbing service business - covid being a risk - no longer a risk

at the end of every week, there will be a debrief over announcements page. pay attention to those- information gathered for all of us and put into summarized announcement. 

A ton of information on the course site- darden did two presentations on the acquisitons they did, earnings calls, transcripts, figures out what is important and what is not. 
